[Images] Created unified partial with options (#4285)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/image-resizing/resize-with-workers.md

## Fetch options

The `fetch()` function accepts parameters in the second argument inside the `{cf: {image: {…}}}` object.

{{<render file="_supported-properties.md">}}

> In your worker, where you would fetch the image using `fetch(request)`, add options like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your worker, where you would fetch the image using `fetch(request)`, add options like in the following example:
```
